##### HASHEDIN #####
Recruitment Process started with a PEN and PAPER.



LINKED LIST
1. Sort and reverse a linked list. 
2. How to Detect loop in linked list.
9. Implement a stack using a circular linked list.  
17. Check whether two nodes are cousins of each other(nodes of same level and with different parents.




TREE
2. Find out if a tree is a bst or not.
3. Create a binary tree with given linked list.  
8. MST
10. AVL tree
13. longest width of a binary tree
14. In tree find the level which has maximum nodes
27. To print all the left nodes of a tree.
31. Write a program to print the preorder traversal of the mirror image of a BST.
32. To find wheather the 2 nodes are ansistors are not
37. Root to leaf path sum equal to a given number



SQL
5. sql query
24. Write a SQL query for selecting the second highest salary in table employee.
34. Print all the nodes in a tree at distance k from the root node.



OTHER 
4. prefix postfix infix conversion.
6. evaluate Postfix expression.
7. time complexity questions
15. Implement a min stack with only one stack
16. Check whether two strings are rotation of each other without library functions.
20. Pre-order, in order, and post order traversal of tree
21. Time and space complexities of various searching and sorting algorithms  
29. How to multiply two large numbers that do not fit into the limits of an integer
33. Put all the zeros present in the array at the end.
36. reverse 3 character at a time in a string.
41. Write a program to determine whether 2 paragraphs are same. The sentences & words in the paragraphs can be jumbled in any order, but it should be considered the same.  
42. Write a program to generate a palindrome binary string of length n. There should be a repeated sequence/ pattern for each interval of size m. The binary string should start with 1. And there should be maximum number of zeros in the string




GAMES
11. Design a game of Chess.
12. Design snake and ladders.
19. sudoku game
22. find the minimum number of moves to win in a given snake and ladder game  
26. Write the function for tic tac toe game. 



SYSTEM DESIGN
23. How will you design the DNS system.
28. Design a system for playing Snake and Ladders.  
30. How would you design the stack overflow website?



TRICKY 
18. when records about population is to be maintained for each city, which data structure you use and the reason.
25. Check if the given string is in the same orientation or not .
    ex hashed
    q1 edhash yes
    q2 dehash no
    q3 hedhas yes  
35. Island problems- 2D array is given(n*n) and all the cells are filled with 1's and 0's, 1 represent land and 0 water. 
    Find the total no. of islands.
38. Maximum sum hourglass  
39. Bridge and torch problem  
40. Find the maximum area of histogram.
43. How to load multiple images on a page without impacting the performance.




FRONTEND
44. Difference between mixin and inheritance in CSS

